What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

It create a directory called .git includes the file that needed to build a repository.
It will help control the version use git, help you work better.


How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?What value do you think it offers?

Staging area is not a directory, it just record some status that waiting to be commited. So it is not a repository.
Staging area is changes waiting to be commit, so we can think over before we commit a repository.


How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

Even if you change many files to fix many bugs, you can still commit those file that you changed to help you fix one bug to staging area and then commit it without to commit other file or change other file. That means even you have fixed many bugs at a short time if those bugs are in different files, you can still commit them separately and logically.


What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

When you want to try something new but don't want to break the orignal one. Or you are working with other people to fix different bugs.
Branches can keep your orignal edition and let you change things in different way without lost yourself.


How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

We can see it's envolve clear using diagrams, it will help us understand the structrue.


What is the result of merging two branches together?Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

Two branches changes will merged, such as new feature and bug fix.Use diagram we can clearly see what happened to our branch, we can figure out who did what.


What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Most time automatic merging is fine and it will help us a lot.But sometimes it may introduce conflics or bugs.So we merge it manually, it will do good job.But we are too lazy to do that.


